Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hey,
Ethan: Rebecca
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How are you
Ethan: I'm doing alright
Ethan: How are you doing,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm doing all right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How's things going
Ethan: I'm
Ethan: I think things are pretty good.
Ethan: I don't know, I still feel kind of tired, I guess, day to day this morning. I had to get, get up.
Ethan: So,
Ethan: So I guess.
Ethan: I got some good news today what I as I was finishing and not amazing news but not like, you know, not bad news.
Ethan: You're my remember as I was finishing my project I was mildly worried that this company might just sort of abruptly. Let me go after
Ethan: Yeah, once I wrap things up. I wasn't, I wasn't
Ethan: I wasn't really think they do that, but I thought it kind of a possibility. And I hadn't like I didn't talk to my boss or my colleagues or anything for like most of that time when I was working on the things I did just didn't know what was going on.
Ethan: Right. Um, so one thing I was happy about was they when I finished it, they immediately started asking me to do these 7am training sessions.
Ethan: Well, I was happy about it not happy about it. I'm not a morning person. So this is three times a week. I could get up and be all in
Ethan: And train
Ethan: People who are in Europe since the afternoon for them.
Ethan: But I'm happy about it because they're that meeting. I mean, they're still giving me work great. And they're still asking me to do. So it's not like, okay, you know, that's all, that's all we want you to do.
Ethan: And then the good news that I got was that one of the guys, I'm kind of kind of buddies with who, who works in Berlin, who I had mentioned
Ethan: My concern about they might disturb roughly, let me go, or let some of us go. He went in and sort of that asked around behind the scenes. And he called me back and he's like, there's no way they're going to do that, you're definitely like there through through the end of
Ethan: June I have my mind, you know, basically, nine months left
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you know that you're not gonna like be let go early then
Yeah.
Ethan: According to grant, but it that
Ethan: That's kind of the feeling I was getting anyway.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Ethan: Yeah, so that's good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And how has your self care been
Ethan: It's been kind of okay, I feel like I'm getting back
Ethan: It's like I I slipped into this. It's
Ethan: Um, I don't know if it's for better for worse. It's like an addiction when when you get that deep into work.
Ethan: Like he just, I don't care if you know I feel like I still do care about stuff. But I don't have the mind space for anything.
Ethan: And so it's kind of like learning to walk again why I'm like, Okay, the first thing I have to do.
Ethan: You know, first I make coffee and then I do my like my recovery stuff like today, and another is the same thing happened yesterday and today, we were like,
Ethan: The day you know, actually, except for today. I got up at seven in the morning, but like I didn't, didn't like make the time all more or all day so far to write my journal. So I'm like behind
Ethan: You know my I took my met my medication on on the usual schedule. But before I was so good. It's sitting united stop and sit for toilets and you know right every day in the middle of the day.
Ethan: So I'm kind of like
Ethan: So I'm not. I'm I'll be there. I know I can get. I can get my
Ethan: Wiring
Ethan: You know priorities.
Ethan: Real reliance
Ethan: Right, I'm just hasn't it hasn't been like an immediate thing.
Ethan: I feel like I'm like
Ethan: I feel like I'm, I'm tired. I also, especially after that news I got today. I feel like relieved and
Ethan: I don't know. But as you know, or as I also kind of know it's just another momentary calm before the storm with the with the job and interviews.
Ethan: But I almost feel like I'm not as scared as Job interviews as I was of
Ethan: Or as I am this whole weird situation.
Ethan: And job interviews are tough. Remember the last time I have interviewed and especially if you don't get a job, you know, if something doesn't happen in your first couple injuries.
Yeah.
Ethan: Then
Ethan: Then you're like unemployed and just like
Ethan: A huge blow to your self esteem and everything so I'm kind of like mentally
Ethan: Aware that that's a possibility.
Yeah.
Ethan: I have a lot of
Ethan: Sort of introspection about what I want
Ethan: I don't
Ethan: Know it's like
Ethan: You're saying, it'd be good if I had a less stress level. And I think it would be good if I had a less rescue dog.
Ethan: What's being that's your phone telling you something.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So how did you work on your resume.
Ethan: No, I hadn't yet this, it didn't end up happening this weekend and I haven't had time this week yet to do it, but that's
Ethan: That's definitely
Ethan: The, the top of the list of personal, personal care.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes, it is.
Ethan: For priority stuff.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Did you and Lily, good to go and do something together.
Ethan: We didn't really but you know we're working on.
Ethan: I guess we can't do it. We found out until early next month. We've always enjoyed enjoyed going to Vegas and she's super excited about.
Ethan: She, she's been poking around. She mainly reads, her, her Russian
Ethan: Like news and social media and from her perspective, like all these people are already running off to all these vacations.
Ethan: But it's kind of unclear, like what you know what places are sort of open what what places are on the safe side in terms of infection rates and
Ethan: All that kind of stuff. So I still haven't really figured out the answer to that, but what I did figure out was especially because like what you mentioned to me about how I
Ethan: I
Ethan: I need some like Lily. Lily is stuck through me through this like really shitty relapse and then this really hard period at work and then we're gonna have a hard
Ethan: Difficult or you know it.
Ethan: Maybe it'll be it won't be difficult. Maybe I'll get a, get a perfect job easily, but it's sort of a nun. I know. We don't know what the next six months are going to be like, so it's a really good time for us to sort of sort of have a nice to do something nice to gather and and she so and
Ethan: I don't give her enough attention.
Ethan: Or haven't been given.
Ethan: I i really and we're like, totally in love. And I think we're very like affectionate and I show that every day. And I think we're pretty happy but
Ethan: That I definitely want to take, you know, I want to do.
Ethan: Something special so we can like spend
Ethan: Have some higher quality time together.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Ethan: It doesn't happen. And it's funny, like
Ethan: I guess we get so it's hard to imagine us being in the apartment and not just sinking into our habits like she has her things that she likes to do and I have my computer stuff that I like to do, and I just because what we like to do. So we're not, we you know we don't
Ethan: fit in and pay attention to each other.
Ethan: We do, we just for a little minutes here and there, but it's not like you know we're really focused on each other for like a whole day or whatever.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So that'll be cool to be able to do that.
Ethan: Yeah. So we had this idea to drive to Vegas, we both like taking road trips
Ethan: I can kind of get away with it in this next
Ethan: Month of
Ethan: Route, you know, we're going to employment is raining down
Ethan: And I can work down there. And then so you can just go sit by the pool on our theory was like, not that many people would be there as he you know those places are huge. So
Ethan: We wouldn't be all correct crowded in with, you know, lots of other sick people, so maybe it wouldn't be so scary and I and all the hotels are, you know,
Ethan: For good business reasons, you know, they're like, word you know they're saying all the right things. They were like worst triple sanitizing our rooms and
Ethan: Doing all this fancy stuff to try to detect that that these like body heat scanners that you walk through to see if if anybody knows suspiciously I temperature, you can't go in and or you go to the nurse's station or something to get checked out.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, wow. Yeah, I'm sure they had to do, figure out some kind of plan because you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That whole town's gonna
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Shut down, it'll be a ghost town if they don't do something to get people to come back, you know,
Ethan: Right.
Ethan: I mean, eventually, there'll be a vaccine. So it's like the world is going to come
Ethan: The world will come back, um,
Ethan: But yeah, places like that like the entire places built around and like Manhattan's crazy to me to to even imagine trying to stay six feet away from anybody you know
Ethan: And yeah, just how would you do that.
Ethan: If that's the if that's the kind of guidance. It's hard enough in San Francisco, like, and this is a
Ethan: You know, not that crowded city there's
Ethan: All depends on what part. And if you're in rush hour and stuff like that. But, like, just an in the neighborhood where I live. It's not that hard to stay six feet away from people on the side or you
Ethan: So,
Ethan: Yeah.
Ethan: So called one, one of the casino places today. And they said yes book or and they're already putting out videos of all the their, their processes to try to
Ethan: keep the place clean and keep people from spreading any diseases.
Ethan: But they're not opening up until
Ethan: What was it like a week and a half from
Ethan: Eight days from now, I guess they're opening
Now,
Ethan: So yeah, so maybe like
Ethan: Another thing that might happen is they're going to reopen and there's a lot of people that disorder believe this whole thing is hocus pocus. And so maybe that, you know, suddenly, it'll just be jam packed on there. I don't know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Never know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know that where I'm at the minute that they said that the beaches were open. It was like people just flocked
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, to the beaches, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Be on guard and take care of yourselves and I hope you guys get a go.
Ethan: No.
No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Road trips are fun.
Yeah.
Ethan: Yeah. Anything's possible. So we're working on it right now. That was my commitment to Lily is that we'll figure it out this week because at the beginning of the week. It was like I was still in wrapping things up mode.
Ethan: At work, and we wanted to see how things were going to go for the remaining month
Ethan: And I wanted to learn more about the dangers of traveling and all this that stuff. So we're sort of figuring all that out. It's all that's happening.
Ethan: When I still want to give more like hanging out with William or it's tough.
Ethan: That we're getting from actually works pretty well. It's like she gets absorbed into what she does. She's either playing video games are doing your social media or
Ethan: You know, watching her Russian TV see like, you know, entertain yourself pretty well.
Ethan: And I just, you know, do I think my computer. So we generally
Ethan: It.
Ethan: You know, like, I don't know, maybe for a lot of people. The, the shelter in place might have been a huge adjustment.
Me.
Ethan: Because a lot of families like you know whatever works is basically not there. Most of the time, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it has a big adjustment, that's for sure.
Ethan: Although it's funny because of what was going on in my company, you know, we went from like
Ethan: Being this huge huge like 200 person, company in San Francisco like 18 months ago.
Ethan: And we're just been scaling down and down and got smart and then we just, you know, let people go and got a smaller office and then
Ethan: You know, we work pretty hard in there. And then we sort of scale down from there. And then so by the time code started I was already working from home all the time. Just because that was
Ethan: Easier for me.
Ethan: Because that's kind of where everybody's at the time I was, I don't know if you remember, you and I were talking about this at this time.
Ethan: And I basically started sheltering in place. Like, I'm really
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah you did.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And we were
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So definitely, which is not a bad thing. So tell me how you've been doing as far as your recovery goes
Ethan: I haven't
Ethan: I'm just like everything else. I feel like I haven't been active in it.
Ethan: Like when I write in my journal and I get to the like emotional, spiritual, I'm like, I don't really know how
Ethan: I just feel like disconnected from it.
Ethan: You know, so I don't feel one way or the other, like struggling then to
Ethan: You know, not call the guy or or
Ethan: Or fully engaged in it and like in my rhythms or anything. I just kind of feel
Ethan: Just sort of like
Ethan: In never not you know this in
Ethan: spaced out or disconnected mode.
Ethan: Does that make sense.
Ethan: I think it's just it's a little it's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's why
Ethan: Well, I'm just not one of those people that
Ethan: I've had periods where I've been in a role where I've been, like, instead of being constantly like one crisis after another and one work problem after another and one relationship problem ever and another relapse and just everything since I've worked with you, for example.
Ethan: I bet I haven't been that way. My whole life hasn't been like that I've definitely had years where it's like
Ethan: You can
Ethan: Just grab it.
Ethan: Where I've had, I've had long periods where I've been more things have been consistently and getting
Ethan: Either
Ethan: Steady or steadily improving in all those areas. So I just need to
Ethan: Get guys it's like I
Ethan: almost forget what it feels like.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We gotta get reconnected, you know, what about are you calling your friend, your server friend.
Ethan: Yeah, um,
Ethan: We we do is we text. So I kind of try to set up a time to go see him, um,
Ethan: But it hasn't happened yet.
Ethan: What do you do, I can't be dizzy.
Ethan: I'm gonna go see my mom over in Berkeley tomorrow. And he lives in Berkeley, so I'll send a text message and maybe I can like sitting by his place and hanging out with him.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That would be cool.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's a connection.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, if it's possible. So you you've been staying connected to sober support which is important. Right. You know that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, so that's a good thing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and you know, if you start doing your journal
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Even if you do it once.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you forget about it for a couple days and then do it again. Eventually, you'll get back in the habit. You might have to be, you know, make it a with a real conscious effort to be able to do it, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you know, this is kind of you know how it is. It's like every time we fall. Sometimes, it becomes harder to get back to where we want to be, you know, then
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Instead of just leaving things out that we know work and we know you know help us in that area.
Ethan: Yeah, and I want to be there so bad.
Ethan: And so simple but it's just like a camp. I haven't quite made that flip where that's the first thing that I think about when I get up and some of its just circle circumstantial, you know, um,
Ethan: But I have like I've it's only been a couple days since group and I have done a couple jerk you know journal entries and written all by inch and I'm gonna, you know,
Ethan: I'm going to do it today. Again, but like I haven't written anything yet. But so like tomorrow I'm gonna wake up and tomorrow. I don't have a seven, eight do anything at 7am will try to get up kind of mid morning and have a normal like
Ethan: You know,
Ethan: I still haven't had a day where I'm like, Okay, get up and having normal
Ethan: You know, morning sobriety routine and then tuning door so
Ethan: So I'll get to it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, don't put it on the back burner too long.
Ethan: Yeah, no, I mean, I'll get to like that tomorrow or the next day this week.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're ambivalent
Ethan: I have a hard time
Ethan: And I totally know what this is.
Ethan: Every single time I try to set an alarm to get myself up I screwed up somehow not not my strong suit in life is getting up in the morning. That was the alarm that I set to get up.
Ethan: At 630 but I just had PM instead of am
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh my gosh.
Ethan: Oh, good. Good thing that
Ethan: I happen to just wake up or a little his arm off to her.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You fit. So you're taking your medication as prescribed. You're not overtaking it you're not stayed doing any more 24 hour
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Work marathons. No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good.
Yeah.
Ethan: And I
Ethan: had like one more Klonopin and I have to go to
Ethan: Walgreens to refill the I saw you have to refill for
Ethan: Quantity laundering.
Ethan: And I've been taking the one
Ethan: The one
Ethan: God, I'm so tired.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Adderall.
Ethan: Adderall. I'm taking the one Adderall per day my days have been kind of like
Ethan: Weird like not necessarily morning to evening but
Ethan: And then I take and I cut us the steps up and I did that strips three, you know, three times a day.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good. I
Ethan: Think I've been sticking to that pretty good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good, good, good. That's a start right there. You know what I mean not over medicating yourself not
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, abusing the medication, but actually following directions and doing it. That's the first step of this whole thing and you getting sleep.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know it's going to be you'll feel a lot better tomorrow. You know when you've had a good night's sleep and a good meal and water just those basic things make a difference in our mindset, make a difference on how we feel.
Ethan: You know that. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm not telling you anything you don't already know.
Ethan: Now, but it's this. I love therapy because it's it's it's a time to like deliberately. Think about, like, where am I out with this stuff and and recognize it and think like
Ethan: Yeah, it's like, I like the journal thing I've got tomorrow I'll probably be like right back on top of it.
Ethan: Um,
Ethan: I like with my friend Chuck told me this guy I know that's been he works at choosing him you know that I think Apple bought them. But it's that apps, it recognizes the song.
The beginning
Ethan: He's been sober for decades, or whatever. And we were like that, you know, in early sobriety at a time like a long time ago. And what he always says is however long it took you to go into the for the forest, it takes you that long to like walk out of the forest.
Ethan: So our, our many years or months or whatever that was that you like are going down this path of this of
Ethan: You know you're taking your life in their own direction, it takes you sort of that long to like walk back out and I think
Ethan: I kind of think of the past like eat you know year 18 months of my life has been like that you know has been on that sort of negative path, then I found bright heart and that's my sort of turnaround point. Now, I'm like,
Ethan: So, but I'm ready for that. So it's like a combination of the sort of early sobriety blues.
Ethan: And chaos and some of it. So it's chaotic and some of its boring and then combined with
Ethan: Like coven world changing combined with the career changes and everything. So I'm like, I'm totally prepared for it to be like
Ethan: I don't think it's gonna be miserable that it's gonna be like
Ethan: My like not a highlight maybe
Ethan: might not be the best year ever but um
Ethan: I remember one time I had been sober for a little over five years or something and I had this week where it was like
Ethan: I like somehow lost most of my money. This is crazy series of things happened to me. I lost my place to live and lost all this money and wrecked the car and the girlfriend broke up with me and
Ethan: And I was active in a the time. So the thing that amazed me about it was, I was like,
Ethan: I was on I was sad and I and
Ethan: I'm
In it.
Ethan: Like that, you know, all this all this crappy stuff happened but I kind of knew, you know, you just do
Ethan: roll with it and do the next right thing and feel, you know, I kind of, it's so simple.
Ethan: And that was the first room and I remember feeling I specifically felt like I'm like an adult. This is like the kind of thing that happens to adults and it's and they can kind of deal that
Ethan: I was talking to us. So that's another greats over that he and he was like, you know, I think part of that is might be age. So over people think they're so special for, like, you know, being able to handle, you know, sort of, not so great.
Ethan: Times, you know,
Ethan: A bad year or something like that in your life, but it's like everybody in your
Ethan: Everybody has this
Ethan: Get better at them less dramatic.
Ethan: Know,
Ethan: And less sensitive
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So your plan is, is to see your friend.
Ethan: Yep.
Ethan: See my
Ethan: See my mom.
Ethan: That's gonna be good to you.
Ethan: To I saw her once we
Ethan: She was like I was unaware, because I wasn't talking to her much or, you know, I was in that period where I wasn't like being very present sun.
Ethan: But she took the coven like the shelter at home, stuff like, way more seriously than I did. I'm pretty serious like you know
Ethan: About following all those rules and everything, but she like she has, hasn't even been to a supermarket. She's very strictly like ordered every single thing that she needs. He won't go it like close to the delivery guy when he drops things off and like
Ethan: I think she's being super cautious because she is older, you know,
Ethan: She's a
Ethan: Is 75 or 76
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When you know all over the news that's what the President keeps saying to I keep hearing him say you know that we need to protect our, our elderly and they need to really be cautious and on guard and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, blah, blah, blah, blah. And so if you know that makes sense. You know that she is trying to be careful and that's good. She's trying to be careful because you know
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's like there's enough that's happened already this year, we don't need any more.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Crazy, you know,
Ethan: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you're close with your mom and I know that you know if anything happened to her. You'd feel horrible.
So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You can thank you mom for being so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: secure and protected, you know, protecting yourself.
Ethan: Yeah, she's great. Like that. I remember she has some weird health scare or she had some vertigo episode or something.
Ethan: This is like 10 or 1520 years ago even and she just got really into being super healthy like eating really healthy and getting you know she she does her yoga and exercise classes and
Ethan: So I remember talking to her about it and realizing that she
Ethan: For her, it's all about being around for the family, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You
Ethan: And I mean, of course, she doesn't
Ethan: Want to die. Nobody wants to die, but it's like, you know, I need to be around for women for my grandkids or whatever. So she or he or she, she feels like I still need a lot of support in life, though. So yeah, she takes, like, super, super extra good care of herself.
Ethan: Which I think that's pretty cool.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That is really cool.
Ethan: She said, that's a good role model not way for sure.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's good stuff.
Ethan: Like I haven't
Ethan: I went on this trip about how
Ethan: My, my life.
Ethan: Um, I was already like predisposed to be an alcoholic and all that stuff, but I'm definitely was when my father died when I was in my teenage years and so guys
Ethan: I went in this period or my life is just all it's been all women like I'm
Ethan: Often friends with women or, you know, or, you know, and I have a girlfriend. And then I have my sister and my mom and my aunt. It's like everyone's female in my family, so I
Ethan: Haven't had a father figure
Ethan: To kind of be the, the one that
Ethan: To be a role model. That's a little tougher something, you know,
Ethan: Yeah, so, and I'm just sort of built though and
Ethan: I kind of a
Ethan: I don't, I'm not angry, the world or anything because because of this, but I see and I see this similar similarity and a lot of my friends.
Ethan: Like strong fathers are really you're kind of unusual in the world. It seems like
Ethan: Almost. And I don't know if it's because you know people with similar families like at tend to end up being friends with
Ethan: You know, other families, the same so
Ethan: So happens that like most of my friends.
Ethan: Don't you know to her like their, their father wasn't around or they're not, they don't have that much of a relationship with their father or Lily. Lily is that way. She doesn't
Ethan: another funny thing is, Lily is this liliya and her whole extended family is also women, they're just all women.
Ethan: When I heard a Christmas. There's, like, you know, I don't know, there's like a couple of guys on like my sister's wife's side of the family but developed sure a lot of damage.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you have great female influence
Ethan: Yeah, so I will this great and I really am a total MAMA'S BOY. And I have this great mom. So I had a lot of like
Ethan: A great role model and kind of in that what you know what she's given me, which I think is just amazing. It's invaluable like I
Ethan: And maybe I'm maybe guys that have a stronger fathers, the live longer, it doesn't make that much of a difference, but it just I I pictured in my mind, all of a sudden, that's the person who I would ultimately feel guilty of that.
Ethan: You know, my mom will just forgive me forever. I mean, I hate hurting her and I know and all that stuff. But she's just not going to be the one that's going to that gives me that gives me a talking to you about like being, you know,
Yeah.
Ethan: Or currently sort of Curtis career strategy or a baby. One is like investing. I don't know what the hell to do that with investing so like
Ethan: I've just as I've been making all this money in the last year. Is it just all goes my checking account like like I kind of know Yeah keep go down visor and but I just like, don't do it with it and nobody
Ethan: Nobody
Ethan: Nobody helped
Ethan: I don't know, blaming it on my environment or whatever but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You don't have that strong male that can say, hey, you need to invest in this or you need to do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: This or you need to. Yeah, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I get it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Very much so.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You, you definitely, I can tell that you are really tired.
Ethan: Really
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you keep having these pockets of
Ethan: I'm
Ethan: Sometimes I'm
Ethan: You know,
Ethan: Or another I might
Ethan: I might be
Ethan: Like have a super talkative, then I might have a sleepy day you've also accused me my keys, but you've met you mentioned several times. Like, you know, it's like so sleepy. When I see
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: This lately, you have
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know when you and I. The first couple months.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you're
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, doing things like you're supposed to your, your presentation was a lot more alert. Not a lot more
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Ethan
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. And, but the last
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: month or two.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, last month, month and a half, maybe is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and it's a lot of it has to do with the stress that you're going through at work. I know that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, the late hours that you work in and how much time you're putting in. And I don't know about you, but I know sitting in front of a computer.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Plays wonders on my eyes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know it hurts after a while you feel like you're bugging out of your head, you're
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Heading. You know what I mean.
Ethan: And it's Tara, I had all those problems like it for the first time I developed certain wrist pain that you get when you're just sitting and type, type in tune to too much, but it's
Like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Carpal tunnel or something.
Ethan: Something, it's not the one in your fingers. And so when that happens like right here in your wrist. I think it's because you're supposed to hold your hands straight instead of like twisting
Ethan: Um,
Ethan: There was an M for you.
Ethan: I was trying to
Ethan: Get back to my
Ethan: Original thought which I totally lost track.
Ethan: Yeah, so the
Ethan: The consistent like sleep and energy and everything. Oh, that's right. We're talking about how I haven't been
Ethan: Or I can, yeah, I can feel it and Atlanta. It's just exactly like you said for the last couple of months when kind of coming back to sobriety and
Ethan: I just feel
Ethan: Disconnected. I'm like, even wanna I'm glad I'm writing a journal entries and everything, but I don't have the same like I'm
Ethan: So,
Ethan: Passionate like attachment to my, you know, how am I doing, emotionally, I can write a bunch about it or whatever.
Ethan: And it's a
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Feeling that
Ethan: It's it's a work.
Ethan: I think it wasn't really what
Ethan: There are people that can do work. Work binges like I just did that where it's more like a healthy sort of Marathon, whereas the way I do it. It's like this punishing
Ethan: It's like I i kind of let go of everything else in my life and I just let the obsessive part part of my mind attached to this.
Ethan: Problem and I just totally consumes me. Yeah. And so it's like I'm going through this really intense drug binge, basically. And so that's
Ethan: What I that's what
Ethan: That's what you know for better for worse, that's how I got good what I'm doing. Ultimately, a long term goal would be to have passion and to be able to
Ethan: Do work hard and be good at what I do, but but not be
Ethan: Like this isn't a first that I've definitely had other, other times where it's like, I don't look at my email for a month and a half, because I'm too absorbed with
Ethan: Whatever it is.
Ethan: Whatever thing is going on at work.
Ethan: Yeah, it's funny. So there's a fine line between
Ethan: Think about Olympic athletes like is that a weird addiction or is that a healthy thing there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think it gets a case by case, you know, basis, really. And if they're balancing. You know what they're doing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But then you think about it, it's a career. So, you know, we definitely invest, invest a lot of time in our careers and if that's their career. Of course they're going to invest, you know, more into that than anything. So, that makes sense.
No.
You know,
Ethan: Yep.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: People told me that you need to work smarter not harder.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm not sure how to get exactly do that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: One day, maybe I'll figure that that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know gifts out but
I'm
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Certainly not something that I can figure out now, that's for sure.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, you either
Yeah.
Ethan: My priorities, so like the way I did this project.
Ethan: If you were shot. Let's say like this company was stopping for an external contractor to do it and to do it as to do a good, you know, a job, you know, solid job. It's kind of like getting a new roof on the house or something. It's like gave us something that will last for for, you know,
Ethan: For 10 years but don't rebuild the whole don't go crazy rebuilding all thing, but my personal priorities in life are to
Ethan: Build it build some things build things with like the ideal like the perfect architecture. Right. And they didn't really stipulate that they they allowed me to do that.
Ethan: You know what I'm saying.
Ethan: I could have done this and actually in the in the years at my company, there have been
Ethan: Very similar projects where it's basically like there's this system that's running in this location, move it to this other location.
Ethan: And there's kind of half assed ways that I could have done it in like four or five solid work days and and it'd be like shitty to work with and it wouldn't work quite right. And no one else would be able to and and
Ethan: So that, that's the like duct tape version.
Ethan: But, but I fully did this in the lake. So I took this thing from being in sort of poor repair and I made it like
Ethan: This year's model, you know, and I mean I like I rebuilt it brand new. It's like a perfect restoration job.
Ethan: But that was, that was my
Ethan: That was my. Those are my require I made it made up those requirements, they didn't tell me to like, you know, build a sleek sports car. They just said like
Ethan: You know, moving from point A to point B.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's your workout, they come
Ethan: Well, it's if I didn't get to do that if I didn't get to like build build things. Well, then I would
Ethan: Then it really would be work.
Ethan: To me it's not work as much if I'm like building if I'm making this thing that I think it's like that. I'm really passionate about, like, making it
Ethan: Making it all, you know, awesome. Make it work or like
Ethan: Like, you know, building, building nice things.
Ethan: So I don't know.
Ethan: I am fortunate to have gotten myself in these in a in a position like I'm in
Ethan: Where I like I have that kind of freedom, but also I can
Ethan: I can figure out
Ethan: More compromises, do you some parts of it like the sexy.
Ethan: Well, I already kind of do that I really kind of try my best.
Ethan: These are giant distributed systems. There's like
Ethan: I said it's like 800 computers that are involved in our website right
Ethan: Right, and there's like
Ethan: Five that are involved in this system that I moved
Ethan: What I did at the beginning was I drew this box conceptual box around like I'm gonna
Ethan: Everything inside this box isn't going to change significantly and everything is going to connect to the to the
Ethan: System around it. I'm
Ethan: In a very modern and sleek and and
Ethan: I sort of perfect not perfect but
Ethan: Kind of exactly the, the, the best way that I can say. Anyway, I kind of do i i managed it by I'm going to change this. I'm not going to change that. And I'm going to do really well at this one thing
Ethan: And so that was like what I was like, I started arguing with that guy in Germany about it. About things because he was just like
Ethan: I was insisting on like no I'm not going off into that other he thought I could make this easier by changing those eight other things. And I'm like, no way. And that's like this, this whole other
Ethan: Thing. It's like outside of the realm of what I'm working on.
So,
Ethan: I love my work because it's when I'm doing that in a lot of ways. It's not work for me. It's like, that's what I love is figuring that stuff out and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Ethan: And building it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you everything is kind of wrapping up a little bit with your work. So things are back to a normal pace instead of cramming and and working these crazy hours that you were working
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yep, good.
And
Ethan: I'm in this interesting position where I can
Ethan: I have things that I have to do before my time is up. But I have a lot of freedom for making decisions on like what I do.
Ethan: I have very
Ethan: Very low accountability. Like, I don't have to
Ethan: Do x or y on a day to day basis.
Ethan: I'm totally like manage my own time. I have to do these these 7am teaching sessions which are okay, but
Ethan: Yeah, so I'm going to try to be smart about what I invest my energy and my time and that will be good, good for the company and good for my stepping stone like my, you know,
Ethan: Movement to whatever my next job is going to be
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good. Okay, so tell me what you're gonna do this week.
Ethan: This week I'm gonna work on my resume. I'm going to take some time, I'm going to do all this stuff that we talked about, like, Mom, and trying to see a date see Dan and
Ethan: I'm in a backburner the exercise thing because I keep saying I'm going to do it. And so maybe I'll get inspired, but I'm not going to promise because
Ethan: Because I don't want to keep not doing it.
Ethan: But I want to focus on like the the
Ethan: Finding my adult there. The last resume that I wrote and starting to kind of outline how I'm going to turn it into my my new resume.
Ethan: That's my
Ethan: For my for my personal self care.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And sleeping.
Ethan: Yes, sleeping normal as well as normal as possible.
Ethan: No more like working to, you know, until I can't keep my eyes open, several times. Like, I'm like,
Ethan: You know, falling asleep on my keyboard and liliya like dragging me over into the bed. So no more of that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, good. Yeah. Where's your body down here me in system down
Ethan: So,
Ethan: I'm glad.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And find time to have fun.
Ethan: You know, yeah. Right. Okay. So everything that we already talked about. And then also the the plan. The trip with liliya and even if it turns into like a drive down the coast or something like that.
Ethan: I'd like to do something. And the sooner the better.
Ethan: She just said she has pretty much no responsibilities right now because her. She basically
Ethan: That she wants to get a job, but she doesn't know what
Ethan: He's sort of starting all over her career in some way with she has her restaurant experience, but they decided to close that restaurant.
Ethan: Then she wants to go to
Ethan: As soon as the restrictions are lifted and she wants to go and spend like three weeks with our family and Ukraine, which I'm supportive of him because he hasn't been there and like
Ethan: More than two years.
Ethan: And when she comes back. That's sort of, you know, serious job bonding time for
You
Ethan: So we're both in this weird weird kind of limbo period.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Will you be going over with her.
Ethan: Yes.
Ethan: I am overdue to see her family as well. And I like going to Ukraine. I like going to hear her family.
Ethan: The reason I said yes hesitantly is like, I will absolutely go unless for whatever reason the timing, you know,
Ethan: It's a high priority for me. But it's not the highest priority. If there's like some some other thing with my family here.
Ethan: Job, you know, once in a lifetime job opportunity. I'm like, I like passive vital like good go spend a week in Ukraine.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I yeah yeah okay
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, well, I'll let you go.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, try to stick to the plan as much as you can and try to, you know, start acclimating and engage yourself and getting back
Ethan: My journal tonight about how I was less like sort of visibly tired when I saw you are or
Ethan: Yeah, just sort of burnt out and disconnected. I'm already saying that those kind of things in my journal but it'd be great if over this coming week I can
Ethan: Improve, you know, make an
Ethan: Yeah, make an improvement.
Ethan: And like a noticeable improvement that I can feel I should be able to sort of snap out of it at this point.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, get some rest.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Yep.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Alrighty.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, I already in group, and have a great week, and I will talk to you next week.
Ethan: On Fridays are cancelled or
Ethan: We'll do it. We'll do
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Try yeah we'll do a check in on Friday. Sorry, I forgot about that. Yeah, check in with me on Friday. And let me see how things are going. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Cool. Alright, awesome. All
Ethan: Right, I'll see you then.
Ethan: Okay. All right. Thanks for record.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, bye. Ethan